Activate Virtual Linker
激活虚拟链接器

Show advanced settings
显示高级设置

Include aliases
包含别名

If activated, the virtual linker will also include aliases for the files.
如果激活，虚拟链接器也将包含文件的别名。

Include headers
包含标题

If activated, headers (so your lines beginning with at least one "#") are included for virtual links.
如果激活，标题（以至少一个"#"开头的行）将包含在虚拟链接中。

Match any part of a word
匹配单词的任何部分

If deactivated, only whole words are matched. Otherwise, every part of a word is found.
如果停用，仅匹配整个单词。否则，单词的每个部分都会被找到。

Match the beginnings of words
匹配单词的开头

If activated, the beginnings of words are also linked, even if it is not a whole match.
如果激活，即使不是完整匹配，单词的开头也会被链接。

Match the end of words
匹配单词的结尾

If activated, the ends of words are also linked, even if it is not a whole match.
如果激活，即使不是完整匹配，单词的结尾也会被链接。

Suppress suffix for sub words
抑制子词的后缀

If activated, the suffix is not added to links for subwords, but only for complete matches.
如果激活，后缀不会添加到子词的链接中，只会添加到完整匹配的链接中。

Case sensitivity
大小写敏感

If activated, the matching is case sensitive.
如果激活，匹配将区分大小写。

Matched files
匹配的文件

Include all files
包含所有文件

Include all files for the virtual linker.
为虚拟链接器包含所有文件。

Link style
链接样式

Always show multiple references
始终显示多个引用

If toggled, if there are multiple matching notes, all references are shown behind the match. If not toggled, the references are only shown if hovering over the match.
如果开启，当有多个匹配的笔记时，所有引用都会显示在匹配项后面。如果未开启，只有在悬停在匹配项上时才会显示引用。

Virtual link suffix
虚拟链接后缀

The suffix to add to auto generated virtual links.
添加到自动生成的虚拟链接的后缀。

Virtual link suffix for aliases
别名的虚拟链接后缀

The suffix to add to auto generated virtual links for aliases.
添加到自动生成的别名虚拟链接的后缀。

Apply default link styling
应用默认链接样式

If toggled, the default link styling will be applied to virtual links. Furthermore, you can style the links yourself with a CSS-snippet affecting the class "virtual-link". (Find the CSS snippet directory at Appearance -> CSS Snippets -> Open snippets folder)
如果开启，默认链接样式将应用于虚拟链接。此外，您可以使用影响类"virtual-link"的CSS片段自定义链接样式。（在外观 -> CSS片段 -> 打开片段文件夹中找到CSS片段目录）

Use default link style for conversion
转换时使用默认链接样式

If toggled, the default link style will be used for the conversion of virtual links to real links.
如果开启，默认链接样式将用于将虚拟链接转换为实际链接。
        